Occupant
Short story by Jephte Teleus

In a dim and dirty alley filled with dust and waste at approximately 12:30 pm, a young boy and a 
 young man are staring at each other. The young boy is wearing a clean pink jacket, with
 jeans and a bright red cap meant to compliment his curly brown hair, pink freckles, and bushy brown
 hair. The young man on the other hand is currently wearing a washed out grey sweater, a heavily
stained brown coat, ripped kakhes, and a dark brown beanie meant to compliment his disheaveled platinum 
blond hair as well as his ghostly complexion and drooping eyes.

The two simply stare at each other, the young boy chewing and the young man sitting, before 
the silence is finally broken by one simple word:

"Hey"

The young man looks at the boy before replying,"Hey.... what ya want kid?"

The young boy took his eyes off the young man for a moment to slowly survey the
littered alley he finds himself in, as if he was watching for danger. Then, he leaned
towards the young man, and asks in a lowered voice:

"Mister, can you go to the creepy building over there?"

The young boy quickly gestured with his head to the old abandoned warehouse 
across the street. The young man looks at the building before replying to the 
young boy:

"Why should I go there?"

"Because mister my friend has been there since the day started, and I don't want to go there."

"Why not?"

"Welll.... it's cause I heard from my poppa that lot's of kids like me had gone missing there,
and that I shouldn't go to that building. Then when I told my friend this, she made a bet that
she can go to the building and come back."

"And the girl hasn't come back since." The young man simply stares at the 
young boy with a stone face before slowly standing up, dandruff falling to the 
ground. The young man(named Quin) simply nodded at the young boy(named Josh), before they both head towards 
the abandoned warehouse.

As the party of two approaches the building made of faded out bricks, the young man
suddenly felt a sharp pain in his upper back. The young man lurched over in pain for a
moment, before straightening his posture and walking inside.

The inside of the warehouse was littered with broken pieces of dust covered machinery and broken glass
littering the floor of the warehouse. Dark stains cover the walls of the interior, and a strange grey
liquid covers the floor. As the young man walks through the warehouse, he continued to have a strange 
ominous feeling. A feeling that something is moving inside him.

The young man have had that feeling ever since he lost his memory. He doesn't know
how he lost it exactly, but what he does know is that whatever caused him to loose his memeory
is connected to the strange feeling he has right now. As the young man and boy climb the stairs that lead
to the upper levels of the warehouse, a ringing in the young man's head gets louder and louder,
as if warning him of some danger.

The moment the young men reach the upper level of the building, a great
explosion caused the both of them to launch through the air before crashing to the
ground. A moment passed, before the young man slowly lifts himself off the ground. His vision
eventually recovers enough to discover that all the walls are littered with grey fuss. He Then
noticed not only a horrible stench, but bodies are stuck inside cacoons.
A great sense of dread then fell over him when he noticed a great, dark shadow at the other side 
of the room.

That's all he managed to notice before a black tendril stabbed through his stomach. The pain in his
back increased instantly, and as the young man looses consience


